meanwhile Pope Francis has called for an
end to the attacks and violence in
Israel in an address to the crowd at St
Peters Square he expressed his
solidarity with the victims the head of
the Catholic Church said fighting will
not solve any
problems let the attacks and weapons
cease please because it must be
understood that terrorism and War bring
no Solutions but only the death and
suffering of many innocent lives war is
a defeat every war is a defeat let us
pray for peace in Israel and
Palestine and this was the scene in
Istanbul where thousands of people
marched to show their support for
Palestinian Fighters many also waved
Palestinian Flags en chanted slogans in
support of Hamas Turkish president Reb
typ erdogan is urging both sides to
deescalate
tensions on behalf of Tura and in light
of this morning's event in Israel we
invite all parties to act reasonably and
to stay away from impulsive steps that
raise
tensions rallies were also held in
Yemen's Capital sa people celebrated
what's been called by Hamas as the al-
AXA flood military
operation for more analysis now let's
bring in reat Aller he's a writer and
educator who's in Gaza reat thanks so
much for being on this newsour what's
the situation where you are it's heading
into the evening in Gaza and so how are
you preparing for another night of
strikes thank you thank you for having
me the night is
usually the most horrific part of the
day uh it's when Israel intensifies and
terrorizes and bombs with uh missiles
unprecedented unexperienced before in
the Gaza STP because the whole building
shakes the little kids wake up shrieking
the even the the Young people wake up uh
crying and and screaming Israel has
targeted uh so many Palestinian
businesses so many Palestinian
residential buildings Israel has
destroyed uh homes on the heads of the
Dwellers as they slept we talk about so
many Palestinian families beded uh the
the Shabbat family the Shaban family the
abaga family most of them are kids in
Gaza there are uh almost 1 million
Palestinian children
uh almost 50% of the population of Gaza
is uh children so in the Shabbat family
nine out of 18 family members were
children Israel
annihilated uh uh three generations in
just one American made bomb we have we
barely have any electricity we are
working on batteries now the internet is
getting weaker and weaker uh uh many
families lost their uh their source of
water uh there is more than 50% po
poverty and unemployment in in Gaza
meaning most Palestinians in Gaza depend
on day today
uh kind of of work to put food on the
table those people are going to be to be
to be starving it's complete and ATT
Terror unprecedented and Palestinians in
Gaza are bracing for the worst because
Israeli genocidal Maniacs are calling
all over the Internet and sadly even on
Al jazer and other uh mainam media is
calling uh uh for genocide against
Palestinian and Gaza justifying I I'm
sorry to interrupt you sir I just have
many questions to ask and we're running
short of time uh the knesset has
officially declared war what's your
reaction to that does that change
anything for you living in
Gaza it does not because more than 100
years ago the British helped the
zionists uh uh uh on Palestine they
disposessed and displaced Palestinians
until the establishment of Israel more
than 75 years ago so from
1917 Palestine Palestinians have been uh
uh brutalized attacked uh disp displaced
massacred annihilated ethnically
cleansed by uh European uh colonialists
whether in the form of British soldiers
or Zionist Jewish Jewish so soldiers but
what is coming what Israel is preparing
is going to be a lot worse
unprecedented we speak we are expecting
so far and again this is a number you
didn't get although you got the Israeli
number uh figure uh almost accurately uh
Palestinian sources talk 370
Palestinians massacred murdered many of
of of of whom are are children some of
whom were killed in their in their homes
and the number is increasing yes and
there are a number of Civilian
casualties on both sides rat I do have
to mention that and there is a
historical context that must be
considered my question to you is why are
you staying why have you not left Gaza
given the
situation where where should we go to to
to drown to commit suicide mass suicide
so the zionists are happy and cheer that
they sped themselves our blood there's
no way out pal gazans in Palestinians in
Gaza live in an open air prison the
borders are closed the air is closed
Israel destroyed the only airport we had
the sea is also closed there are more
than two 2 million Palestinians in Gaza
Israel asks Palestinians to move to the
city centers and then Israel bombs the
city centers Israel asks Palestinians to
move to to to schools to you unun
schools and then Israel bombs these
schools it did this in 2014 and did this
in 2021 and last night Israel bombed a
un school that was a potential shelter
for Palestinians Israel itself forcibly
moved by bom bombing banon and shij and
other areas in Gaza so there is no way
out there is no way for Palestinians to
to go and we are bracing for the the the
worst horrible massacres and genocide
that is going to be taking place in the
area and it's going to be uh if we have
electricity it's going to be live on to
on TV and the world the West Germany
America England France everybody is
support even Ukraine
supporting Israel and saying we we ready
to send Israel money and and weapons
America is sending 8 billion dollar and
and Palestinians just have to to wait
only because Palestinians are darker in
in skin color because we not we have to
we have to leave it there sir I'm sorry
we do have to move on but we appreciate
your insights and stay safe which you'll
know about no doubt be another tense
night ahead thank you so
much thank you thank you for having me